content/post/2020-06-23-building-serverless-incident-management-with-logic-apps.md, before:

---
title: "Building Serverless Incident Management with Logic Apps"
author: Jason Hand
date: 2020-06-23
draft: false
image: 2020-06-23–Jason-Hand-Serverless-Incident-Management.png
---

{{< video "38RQ3tJi1uw" >}}

## 📺 All Around Azure no. 004

Building Serverless Incident Management with Logic Apps. In this live coding stream Jason joins Frank to explain how to build a very useful Azure Logic Apps.

## Useful Links

-  Json Payload: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/ignite-learning-paths-training-ops/master/ops20/demos/01/alert_body.json
-  Azure Speed Test 2.0: https://azurespeedtest.azurewebsites.net/
-  Azure Latency Test: https://www.azurespeed.com/Azure/Latency
-  Power Automate: https://preview.flow.microsoft.com/en-us/
-  Power Apps: https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us/
-  Portal as TWT: https://portal.azure.com
-  Common Alert Schema: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-common-schema-definitions
-  Status Pages: https://github.com/jasonhand/teams-incident-status-page-bot

## Guest: Jason Hand

-  Twitter: https://twitter.com/jasonhand
-  bio: https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us...

## Find us on

📺 Twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/microsoftdeveloper
🔗 Twitter: https://twitter.com/fboucheros

☁️

Commit message:

Jason post, and more tags for all

content/post/2020-06-23-building-serverless-incident-management-with-logic-apps.md, after:

---
title: "Building Serverless Incident Management with Logic Apps"
author: Jason Hand
date: 2020-06-23
draft: false
image: 2020-06-23–Jason-Hand-Serverless-Incident-Management.png
tags: ["logic apps","Power Automate","Power Apps","Serverless","Azure DevOps","Teams","Jason Hand","Frank Boucher"]
---

{{< video "38RQ3tJi1uw" >}}

## 📺 All Around Azure no. 004

In this session Jason will build a Serverless Incident Management with Logic Apps. Starting from scratch Jason will create a Logic Apps and by iteration add multiple steps to the process. By getting trigger by an event our Incident Manager will create a ticket in Azure DevOps, assign it to the person who's in support, create a conversation in Teams. Finally, Jason will add a ton of useful information in both the ticket and the conversation to make sure the assigned resource starts with all he needs.

## Useful Links

-  Json Payload: https://cda.ms/1t0
-  Azure Speed Test 2.0: https://azurespeedtest.azurewebsites.net/
-  Azure Latency Test: https://www.azurespeed.com/Azure/Latency
-  Power Automate: https://preview.flow.microsoft.com/
-  Power Apps: https://powerapps.microsoft.com/
-  Portal as TWT: https://portal.azure.com
-  Common Alert Schema: https://cda.ms/1sZ
-  Status Pages: https://github.com/jasonhand/teams-incident-status-page-bot

## Guest: Jason Hand

-  Twitter: https://twitter.com/jasonhand
-  bio: https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us...

## Find us on

📺 Twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/microsoftdeveloper
🔗 Twitter: https://twitter.com/fboucheros

☁️
